Please check the resources section of this lecture.
There is a PDF download available.
In this lecture, we are going to install the let's encrypt client server, but once you've installed
search bot and created a SSL certificate for your site, you will have the following files, the private
key certificate and the SSL trusted certificate.
The path is the same for all three files.
Etsi Let's encrypt live followed by your site name.
You will not be editing any of those files.
It's important to remember the path to each one of those files with a server you only download from
the official Ubuntu Repository CERT but is an exception.
So we will be adding an additional repository to our server to install cert.
But you would install it as you would any other package.
Atget install cert, but.
We will be using Searsport to install our SSL certificates for 18 zero for you need to add the cert
but repository to your server for 20 zero for do not add the repository.
You install support from the official Ubuntu repository with twenty point zero four.
Update your package list and then run the command sudo app.
Install surfboat with Ubuntu eighteen point zero four.
You need to add the repository, update the package list and then install surfboat to install a certificate.
Sudo cert bot cert only double hyphen webroot hyphen w followed by the path to your site.
In my case it would be var w. w w my site name public html.
Then you add hyphen D followed by the domain name hyphen D followed by w w w dot domain name do not
and unofficial repositories to your server.
It's also called a personal package archive.
The repository that contains the cert book packages is safe to add to your server cert but will verify
ownership of the domain that you are requesting a certificate for by verifying that it can write to
certain directories on your server.
We need to create a directory called Data Well known.
The ownership will be how user and the web server.
The permissions will be seven seven five to create a certificate sudo cert bot cert only double hyphen
webroot hyphen w followed by the path to your site then hyphen D followed by the domain names that you
would like to create certificates for our first step, we add the support repository to our server at
the stage press enter to continue.
Now we need to update the package list not only from the Ubuntu repository but also from the surfboat
repository.
Sudo Atget update now we can install the search bot package.
You Atget install Certa, but there are quite a few packages that are going to be installed.
We want to continue.
Pressure up Iraqi till you get to see you get update backspace, the update while we are busy installing
packages.
Let's check if they are any packages that need to be upgraded immediately.
We can see the message.
The following packages have been kept back.
Do you want to continue?
No pressure up Iraqi and just before upgrade type.
Just upgrade.
We want to continue.
Let's run the dust upgrade command again now we have a message, the following packages were automatically
installed and are no longer required.
Sudo do it or to remove the following packages will be removed.
After running the dust upgrade command, I recommend you reboot your server.
Let's do that and continue after the reboot.
I've logged in to my server.
We need to change to the root directory of our site.
Slash va w w w your site name public underscore html.
We need to make a directory and the directory name is period or dot.
Well hyphen node and lists listing will not display the directory because it is a hidden directory.
Using the hyphen, a flag will display dot well known.
The ownership is my user, my user, my users, the owner and my user is the group owner.
We need to change the ownership of that well known sudo S.H. and the ownership will be your user and
the web server.
Our ownership is now correct, our ownership is correct, and the permissions are correct.
I'm going to type CD to return to my home directory.
Now we want to generate our SSL certificate for our site Sudo CERT, but cert only leave a space double
hyphen followed by Webroot single hyphen w.
Now you specify the path to the web route of your site.
After topping the Webroot I d it is WPEC ally dot com leave a space hyphen d w w w dot followed by the
domain name into email address used for urgent renewal and security notices.
We agree to the terms and conditions, no, we won't share our e-mail address.
Congratulations, your certificate and chain have been saved at followed by the pass, your certificate
will expire in 90 days time.
You have just installed your SSL certificate for your site.
That's how easy it is to use Sorkh.
But if I type sudo bot certificates, it will list the certificates.
Found the following certificates certificate name WPEC ally dot com domains that the certificate is
valid for my naked domain and w w w dot the expiry date.
It's also giving us the path to the certificate and the private key.
Those are two important paths that we will be using when we configure Engine X to use these certificates.
A few additional support commands, sudo search bot certificates will display all the certificates installed
on your server to renew a certificate sudo cert but renew.
I like to use the force renewal.
So once a month I can renew my certificates.
In this lecture we installed and configured cert, but.